#
# Mach Operating System
# Copyright (c) 1989 Carnegie-Mellon University
# All rights reserved.  The CMU software License Agreement specifies
# the terms and conditions for use and redistribution.
#

OPTIONS/hw_ast				optional hw_ast
OPTIONS/hw_footprint			optional hw_footprint
OPTIONS/config_macf			optional config_macf
OPTIONS/config_macf_socket_subset	optional config_macf_socket_subset
OPTIONS/config_macf_socket		optional config_macf_socket
OPTIONS/config_macf_net			optional config_macf_net
OPTIONS/mach_assert			optional mach_assert
OPTIONS/mach_compat			optional mach_compat
OPTIONS/mach_counters			optional mach_counters
OPTIONS/mach_debug			optional mach_debug
OPTIONS/mach_fastlink			optional mach_fastlink
OPTIONS/mach_host			optional mach_host
OPTIONS/mach_ipc_debug			optional mach_ipc_debug
OPTIONS/mach_ldebug			optional mach_ldebug
OPTIONS/mach_load			optional mach_load
OPTIONS/mach_net			optional mach_net
OPTIONS/mach_np				optional mach_np
OPTIONS/mach_pagemap			optional mach_pagemap
OPTIONS/mach_sctimes			optional mach_sctimes
OPTIONS/mach_vm_debug			optional mach_vm_debug
OPTIONS/mach_xp				optional mach_xp
OPTIONS/mach_xp_fpd			optional mach_xp_fpd
OPTIONS/quota				optional quota
OPTIONS/xpr_debug			optional xpr_debug
OPTIONS/kdebug				optional kdebug
OPTIONS/nfsclient			optional nfsclient
OPTIONS/nfsserver			optional nfsserver
OPTIONS/kernremote			optional kernremote
OPTIONS/compat_43			optional compat_43
OPTIONS/diagnostic			optional diagnostic
OPTIONS/config_dtrace			optional config_dtrace
OPTIONS/profiling			optional profiling
OPTIONS/vndevice			optional vndevice
OPTIONS/config_audit			optional config_audit
OPTIONS/config_fse			optional config_fse
OPTIONS/sockets				optional sockets
OPTIONS/development			optional development
OPTIONS/sysv_sem			optional sysv_sem
OPTIONS/sysv_msg			optional sysv_msg
OPTIONS/sysv_shm			optional sysv_shm
OPTIONS/importance_inheritance		optional importance_inheritance
OPTIONS/importance_debug		optional importance_debug
OPTIONS/config_ecc_logging		optional config_ecc_logging

#
# Network options
#
OPTIONS/networking			optional networking
OPTIONS/inet				optional inet
OPTIONS/inet6				optional inet6
OPTIONS/ipv6send			optional ipv6send
OPTIONS/ether				optional ether
OPTIONS/vlan				optional vlan
OPTIONS/bond				optional bond
OPTIONS/if_fake				optional if_fake
OPTIONS/bpfilter			optional bpfilter
OPTIONS/multipath			optional multipath
OPTIONS/mptcp				optional mptcp
OPTIONS/dummynet			optional dummynet
OPTIONS/tcpdebug			optional tcpdebug
OPTIONS/if_bridge			optional if_bridge
OPTIONS/bridgestp			optional bridgestp if_bridge
OPTIONS/gif					optional gif
OPTIONS/sendfile			optional sendfile
OPTIONS/pf				optional pf
OPTIONS/pflog				optional pflog pf
OPTIONS/zlib				optional zlib


#
# Filesystem options
#
OPTIONS/fdesc				optional fdesc
OPTIONS/fifo				optional fifo
OPTIONS/devfs				optional devfs
OPTIONS/routefs				optional routefs
OPTIONS/crypto				optional crypto
OPTIONS/fs_compression		optional fs_compression

OPTIONS/config_imageboot              optional config_imageboot

bsd/nfs/nfs4_subs.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs4_vnops.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/krpc_subr.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_bio.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_boot.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_gss.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_gss.c			optional nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_lock.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_node.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_serv.c			optional nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_socket.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_socket.c			optional nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_srvcache.c			optional nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_subs.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_subs.c			optional nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_syscalls.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_syscalls.c			optional nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_vfsops.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_vnops.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_upcall.c			optional nfsserver
bsd/nfs/gss/gss_krb5_mech.c		optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/gss/gss_krb5_mech.c		optional nfsserver
bsd/nfs/gss/ccrypto.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/gss/ccrypto.c			optional nfsserver
bsd/kern/netboot.c			optional nfsclient

bsd/dev/dtrace/dtrace.c			optional config_dtrace
bsd/dev/dtrace/lockstat.c		optional config_dtrace
bsd/dev/dtrace/dtrace_ptss.c		optional config_dtrace
bsd/dev/dtrace/dtrace_subr.c		optional config_dtrace
bsd/dev/dtrace/dtrace_glue.c		standard
bsd/dev/dtrace/blist.c			optional config_dtrace
bsd/dev/dtrace/fbt.c			optional config_dtrace
bsd/dev/dtrace/sdt.c			optional config_dtrace
bsd/dev/dtrace/sdt_subr.c		optional config_dtrace
bsd/dev/dtrace/systrace.c		optional config_dtrace
bsd/dev/dtrace/profile_prvd.c		optional config_dtrace
bsd/dev/dtrace/fasttrap.c		optional config_dtrace
./systrace_args.c			optional config_dtrace

bsd/dev/random/randomdev.c		standard

bsd/dev/memdev.c			standard
bsd/dev/mem.c				standard
bsd/dev/munge.c 			optional config_requires_u32_munging
bsd/dev/unix_startup.c			standard

bsd/dev/vn/vn.c				optional vndevice
bsd/dev/vn/shadow.c			optional vndevice

bsd/dev/monotonic.c optional monotonic

bsd/libkern/crc16.c			standard
bsd/libkern/crc32.c			standard
bsd/libkern/random.c			standard
bsd/libkern/scanc.c			standard
bsd/libkern/skpc.c			standard
bsd/libkern/strsep.c			standard
bsd/libkern/bcd.c			standard
bsd/libkern/memchr.c			standard
bsd/libkern/url_encode.c		standard

bsd/vfs/vfs_attrlist.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_bio.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_cache.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_cluster.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_conf.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_fslog.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_init.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_lookup.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_quota.c			optional quota
bsd/vfs/vfs_subr.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_syscalls.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_support.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_utfconv.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_vnops.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_xattr.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vnode_if.c			standard
bsd/vfs/kpi_vfs.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_fsevents.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_cprotect.c			standard
bsd/vfs/doc_tombstone.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_disk_conditioner.c standard

bsd/miscfs/deadfs/dead_vnops.c		standard
bsd/miscfs/devfs/devfs_fdesc_support.c	optional fdesc
bsd/miscfs/fifofs/fifo_vnops.c		optional fifo sockets
bsd/miscfs/specfs/spec_vnops.c		standard

bsd/miscfs/devfs/devfs_tree.c		optional devfs
bsd/miscfs/devfs/devfs_vnops.c		optional devfs
bsd/miscfs/devfs/devfs_vfsops.c		optional devfs

bsd/miscfs/mockfs/mockfs_fsnode.c	optional mockfs
bsd/miscfs/mockfs/mockfs_vfsops.c	optional mockfs
bsd/miscfs/mockfs/mockfs_vnops.c	optional mockfs

bsd/miscfs/routefs/routefs_ops.c	optional routefs

bsd/kern/decmpfs.c			standard

bsd/net/net_stubs.c			standard
bsd/net/bpf.c				optional bpfilter
bsd/net/bpf_filter.c			optional bpfilter
bsd/net/if_bridge.c			optional if_bridge
bsd/net/bridgestp.c			optional bridgestp
bsd/net/if.c				optional networking
bsd/net/init.c				optional sockets
bsd/net/dlil.c				optional networking
bsd/net/ether_if_module.c		optional ether
bsd/net/ether_inet_pr_module.c		optional ether inet
bsd/net/ether_inet6_pr_module.c		optional ether inet6
bsd/net/if_loop.c			optional loop
bsd/net/if_mib.c			optional networking
bsd/net/if_vlan.c			optional vlan
bsd/net/if_fake.c			optional if_fake
bsd/net/multicast_list.c		optional networking
bsd/net/if_bond.c			optional bond
bsd/net/devtimer.c			optional bond
bsd/net/ndrv.c				optional networking
bsd/net/radix.c				optional networking
bsd/net/raw_cb.c			optional networking
bsd/net/raw_usrreq.c			optional networking
bsd/net/route.c				optional networking
bsd/net/rtsock.c			optional networking
bsd/net/netsrc.c			optional networking
bsd/net/ntstat.c			optional networking
bsd/net/net_perf.c			optional networking
bsd/net/if_gif.c          		optional gif
bsd/net/if_stf.c          		optional stf
bsd/net/if_ports_used.c			optional networking
bsd/net/if_low_power_mode.c		optional networking
bsd/net/kpi_interface.c		optional networking
bsd/net/kpi_protocol.c		optional networking
bsd/net/kpi_interfacefilter.c	optional networking
bsd/net/net_str_id.c			optional networking
bsd/net/if_utun.c			optional networking
bsd/net/if_ipsec.c			optional ipsec
bsd/net/necp.c				optional necp
bsd/net/necp_client.c		optional necp
bsd/net/network_agent.c			optional networking
bsd/net/if_pflog.c			optional pflog
bsd/net/nat464_utils.c			optional networking
bsd/net/pf.c				optional pf
bsd/net/pf_if.c				optional pf
bsd/net/pf_ioctl.c			optional pf
bsd/net/pf_norm.c			optional pf
bsd/net/pf_osfp.c			optional pf
bsd/net/pf_pbuf.c			optional pf
bsd/net/pf_ruleset.c			optional pf
bsd/net/pf_table.c			optional pf
bsd/net/iptap.c				optional networking
bsd/net/pktap.c				optional networking
bsd/net/if_llreach.c          		optional networking
bsd/net/flowhash.c			optional networking
bsd/net/flowadv.c			optional networking
bsd/net/content_filter.c		optional content_filter
bsd/net/packet_mangler.c		optional packet_mangler
bsd/net/if_llatbl.c			optional networking
bsd/net/nwk_wq.c			optional networking
bsd/net/skmem_sysctl.c		optional skywalk

bsd/net/classq/classq.c			optional networking
bsd/net/classq/classq_sfb.c		optional networking
bsd/net/classq/classq_subr.c		optional networking
bsd/net/classq/classq_util.c		optional networking
bsd/net/classq/classq_fq_codel.c	optional networking

bsd/net/pktsched/pktsched.c		optional networking
bsd/net/pktsched/pktsched_qfq.c		optional networking
bsd/net/pktsched/pktsched_tcq.c		optional networking
bsd/net/pktsched/pktsched_fq_codel.c	optional networking

bsd/netinet/cpu_in_cksum_gen.c		standard
bsd/netinet/in_cksum.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/igmp.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/in.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/dhcp_options.c		optional inet
bsd/netinet/in_arp.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/in_mcast.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/in_pcb.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/in_pcblist.c		optional inet
bsd/netinet/in_proto.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/in_rmx.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/in_stat.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/in_tclass.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/ip_dummynet.c  		optional dummynet
bsd/netinet/ip_icmp.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/ip_id.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/ip_input.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/ip_output.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/raw_ip.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/tcp_cache.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/tcp_debug.c			optional tcpdebug
bsd/netinet/tcp_input.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/tcp_output.c		optional inet
bsd/netinet/tcp_sack.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/tcp_subr.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/tcp_timer.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/tcp_usrreq.c		optional inet
bsd/netinet/tcp_cc.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/tcp_newreno.c		optional inet
bsd/netinet/tcp_cubic.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/cbrtf.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/tcp_lro.c			optional inet
bsd/netinet/tcp_ledbat.c		optional inet
bsd/netinet/udp_usrreq.c		optional inet
bsd/netinet/in_gif.c      		optional gif inet
bsd/netinet/ip_ecn.c          		optional inet
bsd/netinet/ip_encap.c         		optional inet 
bsd/netinet/kpi_ipfilter.c		optional inet
bsd/netinet/flow_divert.c		optional flow_divert
bsd/netinet/mp_proto.c			optional multipath
bsd/netinet/mp_pcb.c			optional multipath
bsd/netinet/mptcp.c			optional mptcp
bsd/netinet/mptcp_subr.c		optional mptcp
bsd/netinet/mptcp_usrreq.c		optional mptcp
bsd/netinet/mptcp_opt.c			optional mptcp
bsd/netinet/mptcp_timer.c		optional mptcp
bsd/netinet6/ah_core.c      		optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/ah_input.c     		optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/ah_output.c   		optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/esp_core.c     		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
bsd/netinet6/esp_input.c    		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
bsd/netinet6/esp_output.c   		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
bsd/netinet6/esp_rijndael.c 		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
bsd/netinet6/esp_chachapoly.c 		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
bsd/netinet6/ipsec.c        		optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/dest6.c        		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/frag6.c        		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/icmp6.c        		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6.c          		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_cga.c			optional inet6 ipv6send
bsd/netinet6/in6_cksum.c    		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_gif.c      		optional gif inet6
bsd/netinet6/ip6_forward.c  		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_ifattach.c 		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/ip6_input.c    		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/ip6_output.c   		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_src.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/ipcomp_core.c  		optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/ipcomp_input.c 		optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/ipcomp_output.c      	optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/in6_mcast.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_pcb.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_proto.c    		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_rmx.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/mld6.c         		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/nd6.c          		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/nd6_nbr.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/nd6_prproxy.c     		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/nd6_rtr.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/nd6_send.c			optional inet6 ipv6send
bsd/netinet6/raw_ip6.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/route6.c       		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/scope6.c       		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/udp6_output.c  		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/udp6_usrreq.c  		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/ip6_id.c				optional inet6

bsd/netkey/key.c          		optional ipsec
bsd/netkey/key_debug.c    		optional ipsec
bsd/netkey/keysock.c      		optional ipsec
bsd/netkey/keydb.c      		optional ipsec

bsd/crypto/rc4/rc4.c              	optional crypto

#bsd/netpm/pm_aTT.c        optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_ams.c        optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_dispatch.c   optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_filter.c     optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_list.c       optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_log.c        optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_nat.c        optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_pmd.c        optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_route.c      optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_usrreq.c     optional pm

bsd/security/audit/audit.c			optional config_audit	
bsd/security/audit/audit_arg.c			optional config_audit
bsd/security/audit/audit_bsd.c			optional config_audit
bsd/security/audit/audit_bsm.c			optional config_audit
bsd/security/audit/audit_bsm_errno.c		optional config_audit
bsd/security/audit/audit_bsm_fcntl.c		optional config_audit
bsd/security/audit/audit_bsm_domain.c		optional config_audit
bsd/security/audit/audit_bsm_klib.c		optional config_audit
bsd/security/audit/audit_bsm_socket_type.c	optional config_audit
bsd/security/audit/audit_bsm_token.c		optional config_audit
./audit_kevents.c				optional config_audit
bsd/security/audit/audit_mac.c			optional config_audit
bsd/security/audit/audit_pipe.c			optional config_audit
bsd/security/audit/audit_session.c		standard
bsd/security/audit/audit_syscalls.c		standard
bsd/security/audit/audit_worker.c		optional config_audit

bsd/pthread/pthread_shims.c		standard
bsd/pthread/pthread_priority.c		standard
bsd/pthread/pthread_workqueue.c		standard

bsd/kern/bsd_init.c			standard
./init_sysent.c				standard
bsd/kern/kdebug.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_acct.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_aio.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_authorization.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_backtrace.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_clock.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_core.c			optional config_coredump
bsd/kern/kern_credential.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_cs.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_csr.c			optional config_csr
bsd/kern/kern_symfile.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_descrip.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_guarded.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_event.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_control.c			optional networking
bsd/kern/kern_exec.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_exit.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_ktrace.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_lockf.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_fork.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_asl.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_malloc.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_mman.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_persona.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_physio.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_priv.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_proc.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_prot.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_resource.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_shutdown.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_sig.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_subr.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_synch.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_sysctl.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_newsysctl.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_memorystatus.c	optional config_memorystatus
bsd/kern/kern_mib.c			standard
bsd/kern/kpi_mbuf.c			optional sockets
bsd/kern/kern_sfi.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_time.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_xxx.c			standard
bsd/kern/mach_process.c			standard
bsd/kern/mcache.c			optional sockets
bsd/kern/stackshot.c			standard
bsd/kern/subr_log.c			standard
bsd/kern/subr_prf.c			standard
bsd/kern/subr_prof.c			standard
bsd/kern/subr_sbuf.c			standard
bsd/kern/subr_xxx.c			standard
bsd/kern/sys_generic.c			standard
bsd/kern/sys_pipe.c			standard
bsd/kern/sys_socket.c			optional sockets
bsd/kern/sys_domain.c			optional sockets
bsd/kern/sys_coalition.c		optional config_coalitions
bsd/kern/sys_persona.c			optional config_personas
bsd/kern/sys_ulock.c			standard
bsd/kern/sys_work_interval.c		standard
./syscalls.c				standard
bsd/kern/tty.c				standard
bsd/kern/tty_compat.c			standard
bsd/kern/tty_conf.c			standard
bsd/kern/tty_dev.c			optional ptmx pty
bsd/kern/tty_ptmx.c			optional ptmx
bsd/kern/tty_pty.c			optional pty
bsd/kern/tty_subr.c			standard
bsd/kern/tty_tty.c			standard
bsd/kern/ubc_subr.c			standard
bsd/kern/uipc_domain.c			optional sockets
bsd/kern/uipc_mbuf.c			optional sockets
bsd/kern/uipc_mbuf2.c		 	optional sockets
bsd/kern/uipc_proto.c			optional sockets
bsd/kern/uipc_socket.c			optional sockets
bsd/kern/uipc_socket2.c			optional sockets
bsd/kern/uipc_syscalls.c		optional sockets
bsd/kern/uipc_usrreq.c			optional sockets
bsd/kern/sysv_ipc.c			standard
bsd/kern/sysv_shm.c			standard
bsd/kern/sysv_sem.c			standard
bsd/kern/sysv_msg.c			standard
bsd/kern/mach_fat.c			standard
bsd/kern/mach_loader.c			standard
bsd/kern/posix_sem.c			standard
bsd/kern/posix_shm.c			standard
# XXXdbg - I need this in the journaling and block cache code
bsd/kern/qsort.c				standard
bsd/kern/kpi_socket.c			optional sockets
bsd/kern/kpi_socketfilter.c		optional sockets
bsd/kern/proc_info.c			standard
bsd/kern/process_policy.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_overrides.c 		standard
bsd/kern/socket_info.c			optional sockets
bsd/kern/subr_eventhandler.c		standard
bsd/kern/sys_reason.c			standard

bsd/vm/vnode_pager.c			standard
bsd/vm/vm_unix.c				standard
bsd/vm/dp_backing_file.c		standard
bsd/vm/vm_compressor_backing_file.c	standard
bsd/kern/kern_ecc.c			optional config_ecc_logging
bsd/kern/kern_ntptime.c                 standard

bsd/uxkern/ux_exception.c		standard

bsd/conf/param.c			standard
./ioconf.c				standard

bsd/kern/imageboot.c			optional config_imageboot

osfmk/kperf/kperfbsd.c			optional kperf
bsd/kern/kern_kpc.c			optional kpc

bsd/kern/proc_uuid_policy.c		optional config_proc_uuid_policy

bsd/pgo/profile_runtime.c        	optional pgo
bsd/pgo/profile_runtime_data.c     	standard

bsd/miscfs/nullfs/null_subr.c       optional nullfs
bsd/miscfs/nullfs/null_vfsops.c     optional nullfs
bsd/miscfs/nullfs/null_vnops.c      optional nullfs

bsd/tests/bsd_tests.c 			optional config_xnupost
bsd/tests/pmap_test_sysctl.c		optional config_xnupost

